Add translation fallbacks documentation (#61)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/theme/translations.md

1. Run the following script that will fetch all your translatable strings in your application and gather them in a JSON file located in `translations/[lang].json`
```sh
npm run translate
```
2. Translate the strings available in those files, and you are good to go :)

Note that for some translations you won't need to change anything. This usually happens for the default language and for business phrases such as "SKU", etc.

However, `react-intl` will warn you against those cases because it might be an actual translation that is missing. Luckily, you can opt-out of this warning for specific translations ids by adding it to the `translations/whitelist_[lang].json` file.

This task can be daunting at first, but it will make your life easier in the future when you will need to know which string was not translated in a recent update.

### Translations fallback

With `react-intl` translations are usually grouped into a single file. In our case, we would expect them to be in `translations/whitelist_[lang].json`. But in Front-Commerce's case, we don't want you to be troubled by translations that are handled by the core.

> That's why Front-Commerce uses a mechanism called **translations fallbacks**. Instead of relying on a single file for translations, Front-Commerce will look out for translations in the following places and will pick the ones that exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's why Front-Commerce uses a mechanism called **translations fallbacks**. Instead of relying on a single file for translations, Front-Commerce will look out for translations in the following locations and pick the ones that exist:
```

* Front-Commerce core: `node_modules/front-commerce/translations/[lang].json`
* from [your modules declared in `.front-commerce.js`](/docs/reference/front-commerce-js.html#modules): `<my-module>/translations/[lang].json`
* from your project: `translations/[lang].json`

If a translation key is defined in multiple files, the last one (according to the above list) will be be used. This is especially useful if you want to change the core's translations.

> You can see exactly which translation files are used by opening the files located in `.front-commerce/translations/`.

> Please keep in mind that when you run `npm run translate`, the new keys will be added to `translations/[lang].json`. However, if you are developping a module it can make sense to create manually the files in `<my-module>/translations/[lang].json` and move the translations there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please keep in mind that when you run `npm run translate`, new keys will be added to `translations/[lang].json`. However, if you are developing a module it can make sense to manually create the files in `<my-module>/translations/[lang].json` and relocate the translations there.
```
